**DATE: September 16, 2017**

**TO: Dr. Wettergreen **

**FROM: Age of Ultrasound (ageofultrasound@gmail.com)**

**SUBJECT: Problem Statement for Ultrasound Capturing Device**

**Improving the Process to Transfer Ultrasound Data through Mobile
Devices**

Our challenge is to develop a device to standardize the process of
capturing and sending ultrasound data using smartphones for remote
diagnostics and digital record in low resource countries.

**Current Image Transmission Process is Unsatisfactory **

With advances in medical healthcare, there has been a spread of use of
ultrasound machines for diagnoses. Patients and health workers in
different countries, including many low resource countries(nurses,
doctors) are relying on ultrasound images for clearer and effective
diagnoses, with several clinics giving harbouring doctors to read
ultrasounds. However, in developing and remote areas of countries such
as Colombia, Costa Rica, and India, it is not always possible to have
on-site specialists or doctors to evaluate ultrasound images. Nurses and
on-site doctors are photographing and sending photographs or videos of
ultrasounds to specialists in other places via messaging apps such as
Whatsapp. This method often proves to be inefficient: the photos suffer
from too much glare, presence of background objects, poor lighting, or
screen curvature, which prevent proper diagnoses from ultrasounds. The
poor quality that these photos have can prevent individuals from getting
the proper treatment or diagnosis that they would have received with a
clear image of the ultrasound.

**Preliminary Solution Ideas for Ultrasound Capturing**

Our design project goal is to create a physical device or software that
will improve the process of sending and capturing the images of
ultrasound machines (which are primarily on Liquid Crystal Display (LCD)
and Cathode Ray Tube (CRT) screens) to help specialists clearly read
these diagrams remotely. Since the project is expected to be built as an
addition to a mobile device, it is important to understand how widely
available mobile phones are in these regions, and how we could utilise
this near ubiquitous commodity to develop an effective solution.

**Current Solutions and Their Limitations**

Many health workers on ultrasound sites consist of nurses and point of
care emergency workers who are under-equipped to diagnose ultrasounds on
sites. They have to click, and send images of the ultrasound readings to
doctors in other, mostly metropolitan, locations and rely on this
transmission to render treatment. However, doctors in those metropolitan
locations are unable to evaluate these images as the image quality, due
to various on-site factors like glare, screen curvature, and poor
lighting, is significantly reduced

There are also several live ultrasound streaming applications that
require significantly larger investments (\>USD $150) compared to the
cost of taking a photo on a mobile phone, which decreases their
applicability in low-resource countries.

One solution is the use of splicing boxes (the use of fiber optics to
capture images) to split the output to multiple displays. However, it is
more time-consuming to set up and dismantle. The high cost and time
constraints prevent this solution from being used.

**Potential Users of Design**

The potential users of the product include clinical workers, nurses, and
volunteers. Many have an understanding of how ultrasounds work, however
they may lack a grasp on utilizing advanced technical concepts.
Therefore the device should be relatively understandable and easy to
use.

**Design Objectives and Constraints**

  - Features
    
      - Universal accessibility and applicability
    
      - Low maintenance(should last for up to 3 years with 4-5 uses a
        day)
    
      - Improves the clarity of the ultrasound image (user defined
        scale)
    
      - Fast Setup (Less than 2-3 minutes)
    
      - Easy to transfer images to specialists in other locations
        (smartphone capability)
    
      - Easy to stow away (size while stowing~3 cubic feet)

<!-- end list -->

  - Constraints
    
      - Target cost of the design is $15 (maximum bound is $50)
    
      - Construction must be able to be sanitized (non-porous, no cloth
        or magnetic materials)
    
      - Construction must be able to fit in a room of 800 cubic feet,
        however, we are targeting a much smaller size (size while
        stowing~3 cubic feet)

**Bibliography**

The GSM Association. 2016. "Mobile Economy India 2016." *GSM
Association.* June. Accessed

September 8, 2017. https://www.gsma.com/mobilee.

The GSM Association. 2016. *Mobile Internet Users in Latin America to
Grow by 50 per cent by *

*2020, Finds New GSMA Study.* Mexico City, September 2016.

Andrew S. Liteplo, Vicki E. Noble, Ben Attwood. 2010. "Real-time video
transmission of

ultrasound images to an iPhone." *Critical Ultrasound Journal* 105-110.

"Trice Imaging, Inc. Announces Mobile Ultrasound Business Sending Images
via Mobile

Networks Â« Trice Imaging." Trice Imaging. Accessed September 08,
> 2017.

> https://triceimaging.com/pressrelease/trice-imaging-inc-announces-mobile-ultrasound-business-sending-images-via-mobile-networks/.
